Remove link to self-attention modules. (#4512)
allenai/allennlp: CHANGELOG.md

- Use slower tqdm intervals when output is being piped or redirected.
- Fixed testing models that only return a loss when they are in training mode.
- Fixed a bug in `FromParams` that causes silent failure in case of the parameter type being Optional[Union[...]].

> - Cleanup/fix to encoder modules in `allennlp/models/seq2seq_encoders/__init__.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cleanup/fix to module docstring in `allennlp/models/seq2seq_encoders/__init__.py`.
```
